Add one pager. (#77)
dotnet/dnceng: docs/ai-chatbot-for-dnceng-docs-one-pager.md

# AI Chatbot for DNCEng Docs

## Project Summary
The project aims to create an Azure AI-powered service that can answer questions from .NET customers. Customers can enter their questions in our prompt software service, and the service will search through our documentation resources to provide an answer.

## Goals 

> 1. Minimize the necessity of answering customer issues that can be resolved by referring to the "dotnet/arcade" GitHub repository.

Reviewer: "Minimize the necessity" is a bit ambiguous.  Having a measurable metric for success would be great.  See my comment below about having a partner or comparing ai responses to non-FR questions.

> 2. Establish an automated and efficient way for customers to have their documentation-involved questions answered conveniently.

Reviewer: this is a bit meta, but is documenting our document ai a goal?  ie, how do we admin this thing or train this thing or extend this thing?  the answer is probably "read the public docs", but something more targeted towards our team may provide value.

Author: I agree the ability to be able to admin or train the service should be a goal.

## Stretch Goal(s)

> 1. Using documentation from the dotnet/dnceng repository

Reviewer: Has there been any thought of including data from our Team's channels?  There's a lot of nuanced and valuable (IMO) info there that could help our customers.

Author: There has not been any discussion for the data in the Team's channel. The main priority is to get the service to work with concrete documentation.

## Unknowns
1. How to pull documentation from the multiple existing resources
2. Automate the service to ingest newly created documentation

## Stakeholders
1. .NET Engineering Services Team

> 2. .NET Engineering Customers

Reviewer: are we partnered with anyone specifically that has an interest in this and can provide feedback from the customer perspective?  If we don't have a partner(s) on the hook, i could imagine a metric for success being to take all the questions that hit the FR channel but don't meet the FR bar and seeing how AI handles the inquiries.

Author: The conversation for partners has yet to be initiated, but I'll look into it. Could you explain the "FR bar"?

## Existing Examples
- https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/
- https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo-csharp/

## How would the technology interact with the customer?

> - The Azure OpenAI's prompt-driven conversation would be used in the project. The user would type and send a message to ask questions. The AI would analyze the user's question and send a response message to the user.

Reviewer: can the customer rate the accuracy or usefulness of the response?

Author: This would certainly be a useful feature. I'll look into this.

Reviewer 2: One of the metrics I would like to see is around the responses that OpenAI was not able to answer. It would help us evaluate if we are missing documentation or if perhaps, we used wording that is different than what our customers expect (i.e. we wrote documentation around ESPR and the customer searching for signing)

# AI Chatbot for DNCEng Docs

## Project Summary
The project aims to create an Azure OpenAI-powered service that can answer questions for .NET customers. Customers would enter their questions in a AI Chatbot, and the Chatbot would search through DNCEng documentation resources to provide an answer.

## Goals 
1. Use documentation from the "dotnet/arcade" repository
2. Establish an automated procedure for customers to get their documentation-involved questions answered in real-time
3. Admin and manipulate the documentation ingested by the AI Chatbot service
4. Incorporate DNCEng's "Sentiment Tracker" to help gather telemetry

## Stretch Goal(s)
1. Use documentation from the "dotnet/dnceng" repository
2. Use documentation from the public Wiki
3. Use documentation from the internal Wiki

## Current Investigation(s)
- PoC support for markdown file types

## Unknowns
1. How to pull documentation from the multiple existing resources

> 2. Automate the service to ingest newly created documentation

Reviewer 3: nit: documentation changes are at least as common as new documents. suggest
```suggestion
2. Automate the service to ingest new and updated documentation
```
